How are you my lads And how are you my
lordship How are you? Well, delighted to
be here one more day with you, it
seems that I'm getting the hang
of the Channel. Well, actually, not much
is costing me my life to see after having spent
three weeks touching my
left nut and the ladies don't like this. Let me
tell you that with the lads I
can have any language I want but
with your lordship, I don't do it your lordship, you have to be
more formal so that they
come to me, grab me by the cheeks, look how
handsome he is, he combs his hair today and that kind
of thing, not really. This video that you're
going to see today is a second part to the
video that I uploaded yesterday and honestly
yesterday's video, apart from being a video that I
love how it turned out and in which
we are totally sincere, in fact, I think
that it's not that we are totally sincere
but that we have also fallen short,
but despite that, I expected more hate
from some ladies who
hate me quite a bit. I don't know why
all the ladies on the planet don't like me, if
I love them all, lady, I adore you
ladies, no  don't get mad at me I'm a
trans boy I say what I think
sometimes I dye my hair blonde if I'm honest
the truth is I expected things to get
worse And yes there are some
comments that tell me Javi are you jealous
lady jealous doesn't mean that he's
jealous it means that for example my
partner left with someone else and I
got jealous okay In any case it could
be envy not envious really there are
people who believe that I'm to blame
for everything that Amador has done in the
previous video I exposed you and
we made a little suit Amador mohedano
because it seems that there are many
people who are idolizing him
because Rocio Carrasco is
criticizing him and since they hate Rocio Carrasco
then they have to love Amador mohedano
Amador Amador I don't know they are
quite simple mentalities there are no people who do
n't get it into their heads that you may
not believe Rocio Carrasco for example
about Antonio David But you can
believe Rocio Carrasco in everything she
says about her uncle because really not  She has
been the only one who has told it but she
has told it chipiona Amador next to
your friend Carrasco is a saint I
like to hear it Oh if envy were ringworm
Maria Fernanda I respect your
opinion darling We love you so much what
happens is that there are people in chipiona
who even say that Rocio Carrasco
has fallen short or that maybe she is
waiting for an answer from Amador who
surely is not going to come because there are
even videos I cannot
confirm this because I was not there okay but they
tell me that there are even videos of those
parties or supposed parties of Amador It
turns out that according to Maria Fernanda I
am to blame because I am jealous that
Amador mohedano got her
got her a conviction or I don't know how many
for her sister Rocio Jurado for
leaving a concert in the city of
Palma de Mallorca not a concert
that Rocio Jurado had no idea about
but her brother Amador had apparently been in
charge of collecting the advance
advance that her sister had to return
by the way there are many people who
wonder where he has put the money
Amador Mohedano, that is, has been the
representative not only of Rocio
Jurado, who alone with Rocio
Jurado would have to be a multimillionaire
because he has earned 20% of whatever she has
earned, but he has also represented
other artists, well, represented, he has
taken the money from those artists, he has
taken 20% of those artists, artists,
okay, some even owe them money,
like for example Belen Esteban, and
honestly, not even his ex-wife knows where
the money has gone, okay, what is
true is that if we start to add up,
no, and we start to accumulate all the
thousands and thousands and thousands of euros
that Amador has made disappear, or for
example, the thousands of euros that Amador has
stopped paying to the Treasury, what a shame, no,
what a shame of money, he could have
easily bought the house in La Moraleja all by himself, but as I tell you,
in this video we are not here to
talk about that, in this video we are going to
talk about a point that I left out in the
previous video, in this video what
we are going to deal with is
Amador's separation from his family, because yes, Amador
betrayed  his wife betrayed his daughter
and not only with economic issues but
also with moral issues and
verbal issues he has had horrible words not
only for his ex-wife but he has
also had horrible words
for his daughter Amador does not give a
[ __ ] about his Amador's honor he has
been walking around and rubbing shoulders and laughing
with the television programs and with
the collaborators who have been
making fun of and harassing his daughter
for many years getting to the point of
showing up at the gigs that his daughter was giving
and trying to ridicule her as well Amador
has been walking around lately on
certain YouTube channels where they have
messed with his daughter and his ex-wife
in a quite regrettable way and with a
complete lack of respect in addition to everything
and one thing that we will see in this video is
that Amador Mohedano has told his
lovers that his daughter Rosario Mohedano
sings like a cricket my goodness they say that
fathers and grandfathers don't and that
grandmothers are the ones who see everything
beautiful in their children and their grandchildren don't
imagine if you put a chick in  in your
house and you start talking badly not
only about your ex-wife but you
start talking about your daughter and saying that she
sings like a cricket and after all
this you have your daughter and with Rosa well I'm
not very clear but Rosario
Mohedano seems like an excellent person
defending you and standing up for you and
well for you behind your back something that you don't
do with them you don't respect them man But
anyway This is a second part of the
video that I made yesterday I recommend to
all of you if you haven't seen
yesterday's video to watch it and then continue watching
this one so nothing if it seems good to you let's
start I warn you that the clicks I'm going to
put below are going to make you
feel very embarrassed it is said that
the way in which Rosa Benito entered
the Jurado Mohedano family was not in a
way of slowly but suddenly
Amador had to notify his sister
that Rosa de Benito was pregnant and they
had to kick
Amador Mohedano's previous girlfriend out
to get into the house  to Rosa Benito those
are the things that count okay I don't know
100% if it is like that or if there will be some nuance the
question is that the last years of their
relationship were not
exactly idyllic the relationship began to
weaken when Rosa Benito
took off the blindfold and discovered
that her husband or who had been her
husband had been cheating on her for years and years and years
with economic issues such as that there was
nothing of the
taxes that she should have
paid since 2008 which would have
dragged not only Amador Mohedano into economic ruin and a big
problem
but also her and therefore
also her daughter as well throughout
all those years and more because long before I
think that all my life there have always
been rumors some true
and some hoaxes of course that
Amador Mohedano could have been
unfaithful to Rosa Benito on many occasions who would have thought it eh
who would have imagined it eh me when I
see that man posing here for an
exclusive there with the little rum and the
cigarette on the sofa and  With this piece
of alpha male pose, I see a
completely responsible family man,
I feel like calling him a
bricklayer. Look, I see so much
willingness in this photo in case there's
someone who has lived in Narnia and doesn't
know who Rosa Benito is. Rosa Benito,
apart from being the wife of Amador
Mohedano, brother of Rocio Jurado. I already
know that in the previous video I was wrong
at the beginning and I said it was the son,
please, I made a mistake when speaking and I keep
talking and my tongue keeps stumbling. I
still don't know how to talk at my age.
Rosa Benito,
throughout her life she has been the stylist, hairdresser, who fixed and was by Rocio Jurado's side and also good friends apart from being a sister-in-law. The biggest crisis in their relationship came after she participated in Survivor, Survivor, it's a reality show. Here in my country, surely in
all of your countries something similar also exists.
It's a reality show in which
the contestants are taken to an island in
Honduras and they have to survive for three months, there's
no more. Not by
fishing with their hands with coconuts.  make
fire with stones anyway what a
survivor does what I wouldn't do because
really I don't know or have changed the plug I
mean I already have to live my own
survivor here in my house Well here
when the light bulb was founded it's an
Odyssey I don't even understand what kind of
socket I have to buy when Rosa
Benito was on that reality show She had a
nice friendship I do think there was a
bit of flirting Although it
only remained a friendship with a certain Jos
Manuel Montalvo the union and the audience's file
on these two
participants Montalvo and Rosa Benito made
sparks fly and infuriated
Amador Mohedano quite a bit to the point that he wouldn't
even allow
any jokes to be made about this
subject that mountain has Spanish race and blood
and is as big and as rocky
as the entire Himalayas it's you Rosa
Benito arm yourself with courage and strength as you
do to keep growing May
you never be stepped on Or stepped
over your friend your people and all of Spain
is with you How beautiful everything you
've told me I want Amador Mohedano was
freaking out throughout this entire edition
edition that by the way was won by his
then wife no  She took on the
role of an empowered woman who also
wasn't having a very good time at home and
Amador Mohedano the truth is that he
seemed a little desperate and
even showed up in Honduras with a
ring paying a surprise visit to
his wife but that didn't fix the
situation at all despite the fact that
they put on this charade the relationship seemed
quite damaged and quite distant
causing a rather
uncomfortable and embarrassing moment in the middle of the
final gala of Survivor warns Navigators
the click that I'm going to put below is
very embarrassing it's very
embarrassing You fell in love with Montalvo I did
n't fall in love with Montalvo
And that's different
sorry I cried too when
Tatiana left and I'm not in love with the
land you
take it with you Maybe
[Applause]
but it is a packaging
[Laughter]
really but already quiet not
quiet you and if not jump out Of
course quiet you okay
This is my moment and I want to live it
[Applause]
unfortunate it has really
embarrassed me that  this will happen on
television imagine not only the
presenter and them but all the
collaborators and all the participants
when they find this ballot
not this ballot after your wife
comes from three months of starvation
and fighting like a champion And on top of that she's
winning the prize or in other words it's
completely the moment or one of the
most important and most epic moments of
her life and this is there doing a little
crybaby number because for the first
time the one who is being made a cuckold
in front of all of Spain is you or not
Maybe and this made him reconsider and
make him feel empathy for what
certain hearts can feel when they are
played with no what happens is that
no this man does not
know empathy and he continued for many years
making his wife and his family go through
an incredible ridicule a few
hours after this Beetle not his
show that you just saw they
recorded them on the street meeting with the
family for the first time and after having been
on a reality show and Amador Mo
wanted to act like everything was fine
like he had already solved the
argument and that everything was correct but
if you notice  in these images that I'm
going to put you can see Rosa Benito
doing what I call ghosting not
the ghosting the famous ghosting
ghosting for the lady who doesn't know
ghosting is when they make you as if you
were a ghost that doesn't exist
basically after her family
found out that she was broke and
beaten by a huge debt almost
millionaire if we talk about pesetas Rosa
Benito and her daughter Chayo Mohedano
decided to start working more
intensely also walking around the
television sets Rosa Benito one of
the first decisions she made was that
Amador the most sensible thing was not to
represent her anymore imagine if for so
many years he has been doing the
pirula to his sister and even so
a lot of money has been lost that does not appear and if he has
been capable of deceiving his daughter his
wife and everyone kiki How are you going to continue
with that man by your side and
representing you I mean the money the
prize money according to her account the
survivor prize money she didn't even
smell it
because she buys a horse
from the Treasury not one indeed I
now  I owe because I'm the one who
's there and that's what makes me break up
my marriage when I find out about the
huge debt that he's put me in
again with the money I don't know what you
suspect he spends it on I don't know it's that I don't
know because he hasn't played Well
he'll have trouble and he takes from here to
there that I don't know I really think that
Rosa Benito does know where
the money has gone or at least she can
sense it or she can suspect there aren't many
people who have hinted at things who
say things and there are people who have insinuated
things no When my father saying your
career my father became outdated it has
been such a disaster your father the economic
Yes he has managed his family finances very poorly
to your mother as we have seen Yes of course I
really have many
people who have come I promise I have
met many people who have he
was a great worker and who did a
great job alongside Roco Jurado and for
me the truth is beyond me
after everything we saw in
yesterday's video The messes in which he put
Rosa herself  Jury and his own wife,
his own daughter and all those who have been
represented by him have come out saying
that he was a disaster. I don't understand what
people call good work, it's not
normal, his daughter Chayo may be right and
that her father is a
financial disaster, the gentleman has been
billing hundreds of thousands, maybe
millions, for decades and it's the same decades that he's been
in debt, everything points to the fact that he
's at least quite clumsy with money, what do I
know? I think the man doesn't realize
what he's doing with that
money, but his sister and his entire family.
Meanwhile, they have been suffering
all the consequences of all their
financial problems, however,
Amador Mohedano's problems with his
wife and daughter were not only
financial, it should also be noted that
said by her, it's not that I say it, I'm worth it.
I'm not envious that she has
even gone so far as to hurt her with her own
words, messages and she has told me many
times you are a son of a [ __ ]. Your father
has made your mother's life impossible in
recent times, in recent
months,
but she has told me that he gives the image of a
scoundrel, which is the same
as that message, my mother does not  I
answer now the second message is a
little more dry if you don't answer that
message the third message is already hurtful
the subject crushed a
lot psychologically a lot Wait Wait I would
like to
remind you of a clip that I put in the previous video
Jury or anyone in the family those of us who
talk like that about women
don't talk like that much less about your wife or
your wife in fact Rosa Benito has
also said on some occasions that Amador
Mohedano has come to withdraw 190,000
turkeys from his account without asking permission and
then he denies it like someone who takes 10
euros out of the bank you know you don't
also take 190,000 euros out of the bank and I did
n't find out Until the other day true
lie Prove it man I can't
prove it because the next day I had to
go sign And as I was saying at the
beginning of the video Amador Mohedano
when he met with some of these
women as they have been telling in
programs he also dedicated himself to humiliating
and belittling his daughter Rosario
Mohedano no you see I as a father I didn't
hold him in high esteem  I, as a father, have good esteem
for this person who spends his time appearing
on television programs and
YouTube programs where they have previously
interfered and done the worst to his daughter.
We are talking about
big confrontations that the reporters from
Slvame have had, for example Kiko Hernndez,
the biggest one being
almost boycotting the girl's shows and all that nonsense.
As a father, I can't believe
that this man
would occasionally be collaborating there. In fact,
you recently saw a
completely regrettable and ridiculous farce that they pulled on
a program called Djate querer.
In fact,
my editor will be showing you frames here, no, but you've all
seen it, it was very recently, it is
supposed that they had reconciled, that there had been
a rapprochement, they
kissed, no, I don't know what this farce lasted
two days, okay, because two or three
days later Amador Mohedano received and gave away
another interview on Slvame, no. I mean, they
stopped him at the door of his house and he
attended to them, look how in the thing that, well, it
's no surprise that Amador
Mohedano when he meets with women he
starts saying that his daughter Chayo sings
like a cricket It's true that Amador
told you that his daughter Chayo doesn't know how to
sing
This could be one of the
questions that Rosa has the longest to answer, tell the
truth
[Music]
Amador already said that he doesn't swallow his son-in-law
Andrs, Chayo's husband Marisa has said
yes, let's go, she doesn't swallow it I won't be the one to start
defending whether Chayo sings
well or sings badly I understand that she
sings well, let's see, she's not Roco Jurado
but she doesn't do badly, the girl who
knows how to sing but imagine how false it must
be to see your
daughter represented, supposedly taking 20% of
what your daughter earns while you
yourself think she sings like a cricket and you
're out there selling her, not to
get her concerts, it's clear that
Amador Mohedano has been unfaithful to Rosa
Benito I have answered yes
and the polygraph
determines well that he must be very
clear about it because there is no trace
of a lie he tells the truth  Manolo and
neck Marta Maya Maria del Carmen and
several other names passed through Slvame and
other programs claiming to have been
lovers of Amador Mohedano some
sounded more credible than others but the
truth is that in the last years of the
representative's marriage there were
quite a few rumors of infidelity the one
who was not a lover but did create a
big scandal in Chipiona and quite
embarrassing for my taste was the
four day relationship that Amador Mohedano had
with Kellymore a dancer the one who
Slvame managed to
get her to take a face
to face on her plate with Rosa Benito herself you can't imagine how little affection you must have for your wife also not because well it's very bad that you end up with a person with a partner I don't know I can't
understand that you would end up so badly with
someone after so many years after so
many experiences having children
together to the point that you put her in these
messes No I don't know I can't conceive it I ca
n't conceive it anymore because you've said it you said you
don't want to know  nothing of him you have
left him lying like a rat those are
his words so why do
you come to me now to play the victim
also known it
seems that this Close the door of
reconciliation
has photos of my house has done everything favor of
everything to have the proof and
sit here the lemon walked through
all the possible programs in which they
gave him the opportunity to tell
all the intimacies that he had
done with Amador rubbing
Rosa Benito even photographs as you
have heard of his house like a guy
not like you have said in another clip about
Antonio he came like a guy like a guy not
like a guy like a guy don't
think that your children turn on the TV and
see the shame and what you are
putting their mother through that you
can separate not from whoever you want no in the
end life is like that no we don't live in
times in which you without being
in love you die already with the person
you have married if you don't love them No
but man a little respect At
least not and well family up to here I will
leave etcetera I need Amador
mohedano If you want more than  come for more it
really seems to me that it is a
quite curious element it seems to me like a bird of
life it seems to me like a peculiar character it seems to me like
an Eagle no and it seems to me
that there are people so blinded
fanatics hectare I don't know what to call them
the truth is that for the simple fact that
we are against Roco Carrasco in
some things and be very careful I do not
move one iota or one point all my
opinions and all the criticisms and all
the dismantling that I have done about Roco
Carrasco But this is not going to be
massaging or positioning myself on the side of a
character like this that we are seeing
here in these videos not a chance So
marzapana that you are here in the chat
telling me you wanted to be with him get out get out let him
go with the other one that you are
hunger and the desire to eat family
here the video I hope you liked it do
not forget to like subscribe and
tell me what your opinion is I
send you a huge kiss and until tomorrow that
tomorrow a video is coming that mother of mine
also mother of mine also a hug
people
[Music]